My name is Hongyan
You are the famous financial queen
Are geese weird?
I came for the interview myself
What's the problem?
Hahaha, I didn't think of it.
We both also need you for an interview.
If there's nothing else, we'll go first.
We protest against being so fair
We are right
I will complain
There is a shady interview for the Emperor Fund
black box operation
They are related accounts.
What are you doing?
Open your eyes and see where it is.
There is no need to explain to you what the Emperor Fund does.
Here our rules are rules
Get out of here now
Go go go
Then let's go together
Ok, take your time.
Hongyan meets the owner
Get up.
Did both women pass the interview?
Of course I did. I interviewed myself.
Your wife is really a guest
Dazhu
This time I want you to come
Mainly to deal with the Chen family
What's your plan?